In tribute to all these innocent, victims without borders of our time
(soft music )
(child's voice) - Dad?
Why do you still want to show me the Earth?
(Dad) - To help us protect Life my little one.
Look how beautiful she is.
(child) - Dad, why are they all talking
pangolin and accuse China?
(Dad) - This animal my little one,
is exterminated by men,
who slaughter it like so many species
out of stupidity and complete absence of Love for Life.
We think it was from it that the disease came,
we may know one day.
As for China,
this is where it all started.
China becomes the 1st power of the human world,
, the champion of the exploitation of resources
and the destruction of all forms of life ...
of selfishness and greed of men.
Like all these countries,
who followed the same path.
(child) - What is a Papa Virus?
(Dad) - In my opinion, One more simple life,
invisible to us.
Even if science doesn't call it
a Life.
(child) - But why is it hurting us so much?
(Dad) - I don't think it's the virus
that hurts us,
rather he seems to react with those
whose diet is inadequate
and whose immune defenses are already weakened
by their way of life.
So their body over-reacts to the virus,
to suffocate them
and take their breath of Life.
You see…. Almost everywhere,
Men have polluted the earth,
to feed or steal its treasures.
They polluted the oceans and rivers,
burned forests and destroyed life
who gave birth to them.
They destroy themselves
to always want more,
always better,
, to pollute the air, the sky
and the space around them.
They smother the Earth…
and now the Earth is suffocating us too.
(child) - but it's awful Dad!
(Dad) - it is much less so than humans themselves
who have been at war for millennia
in the name of a nation,
a skin color,
of a system, of a thought
or a belief!
Much less than these pesticides
these drugs or waste
that we swallow then throw anywhere…
while so many of us are dying
every day of thirst, of hunger,
diseases that we know how to cure.
Everyone sees it
but almost no one is watching.
As for Corona,
even invisible, we all see it
everywhere and at the same time.
(the child) - And what do you think it will give now then?
(Dad) - Since men have lost touch with their hearts,
many will be affected in their bodies,
some by disease
others by these emotions that they do not know how to taste in silence
and listen calmly.
Men will also be touched in their minds,
this temple invented of the little "me"
that houses all their outdated knowledge
and constraints of the past,
filled with greed,
selfishness and greed.
Maybe so that we stop believing we are civilized
and finally become real Humans.
There was Fear from the start,
everywhere, wherever we come from.
Then the deprivation of our so-called freedoms
by forced isolation,
the collapse of our false values,
economic, moral,
social or political…
of our beliefs!
We are now all immobilized,
totally and massively.
As an invitation for everyone
towards a journey into our inner world.
So that we can really discover Who we are.
That we are the same psychologically
all around the world
without the slightest difference.
We say we are good and fair most of the time
and yet
we keep criticizing,
to claim,
to sow chaos in the name of order and morality.
We all have so much anger,
of selfish fears and desires
When we finally look at each other
And that we accept ourselves as we are,
in all lucidity,
and without mask.
(child) - I prefer to listen to the birds singing outside.
(Dad) - How right you are my son,
it's Earth, Gaia,
She can finally breathe.
And in this northern hemisphere where it all started,
spring will finally be able to radiate.
Like it never has, for so long.
And little by little ...
for those who have looked enough into them,
found peace, serenity, the simple joy of Being
rather than the pleasure of appearing…
When those look up,
they will rediscover how beautiful life is,
so precious… The air so pure.
They will see crystal clear waters
and will hear like you the song of the Living.
They will finally know how to look at their children and their loved ones.
They will smile about everything and nothing
even ... to the unknown.
And when they touch up on Earth,
many will give more than they take.
And maybe there will be enough of them
to invent a new world,
devoid of the power of the ego…
from the world of desire ... and fear.
(child) - It's sad that we have to get there anyway.
(Dad) - but darling,
this is not the first time this has happened ...
We had them, Diseases like rainbows.
A simple breeze and the sweetness of a flower,
of a tree to wrap us.
Even a handful of men to guide us!
Some understood, but they were too few
And our world so compartmentalized already ...
Humans have a huge heart.
When they want something, they do it!
We have created great technologies,
but we used it to dominate rather than to give
like those men who went to the moon
and planted a stupid flag on it.
(child) - do you think this will end soon?
(Dad) - I don't know. I have neither hope nor expectation…
Men have always had their destiny
in their hearts rather than in their hands.
There may be many more of us
this time to open us to life
and become ... our own light.
We will see....
but Life will do whatever it takes to preserve the Earth.
(child) - Thank you Dad for telling me all this.
(Dad) - So, are you ready to dream now?
(child) - Yes Dad, I want to dream!
Since the arrival of Corona:
A war to save…lives,
and most importantly an economy, banks, nations, systems…
Can we imagine a different world?
And realize it?
Imagine a World without Money nor Virtual Currency
Imagine a World without Stock Exchange nor Multinationals
Imagine a world without…
borders nor nations with for a citizen democracy
Imagine a world where… we see everywhere
agriculture and respectful houses
Imagine a world where we change education standards
to discover what we Are !
Imagine a world where…
celebrity is not  reality TV,
but have a heart to inspire us
Imagine a world…
where the media and video games
offer truly good news, great initiatives and creativity
Imagine a world where human rights become
Universal Rights of Life
Our fears and our bondings are our main restraints
Let go of all your thoughts and imagine a new world
With a heart
Wholeheartedly with you,
let's find what reunites us
Fred
We all smile in the same language.
thank you to my son Lino who invited me to make this video, both confined on March 31, 2020
thanks to Olivier for the help on my little ending song,
this video and song is yours, see you soon for the rest:
Corona & Dad - The day after